docs: improve the signing and PR contribution instructions (#658)
oracle/macaron: CONTRIBUTING.md

1. Ensure there is an issue created to track and discuss the fix or enhancement
   you intend to submit.

> 2. Fork this repository including the `staging` branch. In Macaron, the `staging` branch is the active development branch and contains the most recent changes. Make sure to create a branch from the `staging` branch and not `main`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Fork this repository including the `staging` branch. In Macaron, the `staging` branch is the active development branch and contains the most recent changes. Make sure to create your working branch from the `staging` branch and not `main`.
```

Author: I prefer to keep it simple and avoid using the `working` branch. I decided to move the comment to the next bullet point. See [c947861](https://github.com/oracle/macaron/pull/658/commits/c947861c7c1d9307456a4a188e7b267e50852fbc).
